README.md, before:

# ASLDT
ASL Direct Translator is an AI powered python sign language translator.
it has been designed to translate ASL into text simply and efficiently, requiring no technological or other knowledge to use. Anyone can use it, and thanks to this solution people who are deaf, mute or have a disability that prevents them from communicating well verbally can be understood more easily, without needing to have a translator with them at all times.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
If you program a lot, telling you that you need certain libraries is something that you are used to. But if you are not a huge fan of the discipline, do not worry! We will tell you how to do it!
At the beginning of the project, you can see these libraries:
```python
import cv2
import tensorflow
import libraries_name
```
If you are a programming pro, you can go automatically to the Installing section. For our brave beginners, we will teach you how to install the different libraries.
First,

### Installing

The installation of the translator is not something that you need to be afraid of. Do the following step bellow and everything will be alirght: 
A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

If youu did it well, when you compile the project no errors will appear.
If not, try to see if every libraries are installed with success, and try again.

## Running the tests

To test the translator, the only thing you have to do is to run the program! If you did the previous step without problem, everything will work!

## Deployment

## Built With

* [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/) - The machine learning
* [OpenCV](https://opencv.org/) - The eyes of the program
* [JSP]() - Used to generate something

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Authors

* **EnjoyBacon7** - *Team leader* - [PseudoGitHub](https://github.com/PseudoGitHub)
* **Anaïs dela Rivière** - *something* - [PseudoGitHub](https://github.com/PseudoGitHub)
* **Gilles Ollivier** - *Potatoe* - [PseudoGitHub](https://github.com/PseudoGitHub)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc

Commit message:

Added website link to readme

README.md, after:

# ASLDT
ASL Direct Translator is an AI powered python sign language translator.
it has been designed to translate ASL into text simply and efficiently, requiring no technological or other knowledge to use. Anyone can use it, and thanks to this solution people who are deaf, mute or have a disability that prevents them from communicating well verbally can be understood more easily, without needing to have a translator with them at all times.

Check out the [website](https://enjoybacon7.github.io/ASLDT/) to view our progress!

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
If you program a lot, telling you that you need certain libraries is something that you are used to. But if you are not a huge fan of the discipline, do not worry! We will tell you how to do it!
At the beginning of the project, you can see these libraries:
```python
import cv2
import tensorflow
import libraries_name
```
If you are a programming pro, you can go automatically to the Installing section. For our brave beginners, we will teach you how to install the different libraries.
First,

### Installing

The installation of the translator is not something that you need to be afraid of. Do the following step bellow and everything will be alirght: 
A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

If youu did it well, when you compile the project no errors will appear.
If not, try to see if every libraries are installed with success, and try again.

## Running the tests

To test the translator, the only thing you have to do is to run the program! If you did the previous step without problem, everything will work!

## Deployment

## Built With

* [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/) - The machine learning
* [OpenCV](https://opencv.org/) - The eyes of the program
* [JSP]() - Used to generate something

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Authors

* **EnjoyBacon7** - *Team leader* - [PseudoGitHub](https://github.com/PseudoGitHub)
* **Anaïs dela Rivière** - *something* - [PseudoGitHub](https://github.com/PseudoGitHub)
* **Gilles Ollivier** - *Potatoe* - [PseudoGitHub](https://github.com/PseudoGitHub)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc
